[ADR] Additional JMS message types for forecasts, ratings, and location levels (#1883)
USACE/cwms-data-api: docs/source/decisions/0014-queue-messages-forecast.rst

=======================================

> JMS Pub/Sub Message Formats - Forecasts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Event Formats - Forecasts
```

=======================================

Summary
=======

> CWMS needs a JMS Pulish/Subscribe message structure to notify clients of forecast-related events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CWMS needs a Message structure to notify clients of forecast-related events.
```

Reviewer: or "Events" like above.

Opinions
========

Opinion 1
---------

> Summary: Use the ``jakarta.jms.MapMessage`` structure described below for forecast-related events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summary: Use the message structure described below for forecast-related events.
```

> All messages will be published to the ``XXX_REALTIME_OPS`` topic, where ``XXX`` represents the appropriate office identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All messages will be published to the appropriate ``REALTIME_OPS`` topic. Subscribers can setup appropriate filtering to receive desired messages.
```
